Welcome to the Help command!

Feeling lost about what to do? The help command will help you figure out 
what command to use at the right time!

Commands will usually have at least one parameter, but can sometimes
have two or more. 

You will know if its a command written in the terminal if it is
written like this:

> help

The description for the command is usually written below the
actual command.

There are also some parameters written with special brackets.
Here's what each special bracket means:

{option1 | option2}:   Mandatory parameter where you have to write down 
                       any of the options in the brackets, each separated 
                       by the vertical bar symbol | .

<any number option>:   Mandatory parameter where you have to write down
                       an option that matches the criteria in the brackets.
                       Usually what you have to write down is located at 
                       the end of the command's description.

[option1 | option2]:   Optional parameter where you can write down any of 
                       the options in the brackets, each separated by the 
                       vertical bar symbol | .

/any number option/:   Optional parameter where you can write down an 
                       option that matches the criteria in the brackets.
                       Usually what you can write down is located at the 
                       end of the command's description.

Some commands can only happen during a specific scene in the game, during
specific events, or more.

Main commands are a list of commands related to each other that you can 
use in the game. Some main commands only have one command, while others 
have a bunch of them.

To learn more about what main commands are available, use:
> help command

Also, to make things go by faster you can press Enter/Return without entering 
anything to simulate a mouse click when speeding up dialogue, and other events.

Also also, remember, you can close this application at any time by using Ctrl + C 
(in case you didn't know before.)

